Update string.md (#82)
AssemblyScript/website: src/stdlib/string.md

### Methods

* ```ts
  function at(pos: i32): string
  ```

>   Gets the UTF-16 code unit at the specified position as a single character string. Panics if out of bounds.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Gets the UTF-16 code unit at the specified position as a single character string. This method allows for positive and negative integers. Negative integers count back from the last string character.
```
